Guillermo where did Guillermo go
Hollywood it is your favorite it is the
best is the gear most show and now
here's your home
hello amigos
welcome to my show like you're more sure
please say hello to my van hello my band
can you believe that Kim Kardashian oh
what a cool otay hamasaki mo get
Guillermo can you hear me in there what
are you doing I'm hosting my show what
are you doing Matt I'm out here doing my
job you're supposed to be here with me
doing our show sorry i cannot hear you
the balance too low the band isn't even
play
I'm totally excited about my first guest
he's in a new movie called unfinished
business please welcome biz bond
hello hello bees no no no no no hear
what's going on why is Vince on your
show hey Jimmy how are you hey Vince
yeah well how didn't you get Vince
Vaughn on your show I'll call him up do
you mean you call them up yeah you know
nothing yeah you always take a picture
of yourself with it it is a phone that's
right so mr. bean barn how do you feel
to be so told oh yeah mo what a really
thoughtful question I love this show um
like anything else it has its pros and
cons good good thank you yeah I know I'm
better than Jimmy what do you think I
think you're fantastic i really love the
atmosphere that you created ok we have a
tip of your new movie unfinished
business will you like to set it up yeah
sure it's kind of a TV appropriate
abbreviated version of an r movie i have
coming out called unfinished business oh
ok roll the tape
oh so comfortable here yeah it's nice I
started my own company two years ago I
only have two employees was too old then
once too young can you not say your
whole name today because the client can
lose focus huh I'm like pancake what was
your last name pancake like breakfast is
Greek is delicious yum
hey you know what I'm here for a meeting
I'm still not the father
you okay dad I'm not crying that's just
poison in my eyes wow that was a very
good team thank you Guillermo Thank You
mr. bean buns to be four men on the
Guillermo show so great to be here thank
you so much and I wish you continued
success with this excellent Joe Kennedy
his will be in heat at mar 6 we'll be
right back with mindy kaling hold on a
second you don't knock be right back
with mindy kaling i will be right back
with mindy kaling off you can't get out
didn't no no no Mindy do not sit down on
that couch re right back with her
alright I heard you hi internet Watchers
Jimmy Kimmel here subscribe to my
youtube channel for all our latest viral
videos and while you're here don't
forget to get in a very stupid fight in
the comments section okay